I need to talk about a family shrinkage.
A welcome party inviting us to watch the family banter!
It’s just a drinking party, because we in Daning have become.
Who will be welcomed at tonight’s welcome reception?
The great man whom the Emperor regulates!
Emperor tune! Yes!
All my memories turned out to be fake. A big shot who could clap his hands and tune the emperor.
So why is the fake love going on like this today?
I have long said that I, the player, should not marry that Fei Yu
If the player marries Ye Xiao
Then if I miss my family, I will have a cup of Qi Qi and soar it to the sky!
Since the Ye family can replace the adults in the Heavenly King's Palace,
I failed the test this time
I have to play with the cow and that useless soul
Hey, there’s no need to destroy the bird’s soul.
You need to know about the Mo family and Ye Xiang
I am the least satisfied with you
The Mo family and Ye Xiang are now
Replaced by a big shot from the Heavenly King's Palace
Don't talk about the character who uses too many leaves.
There is no need for more characters in the host
Don’t even write it in the same way as the Palace of Heavenly Kings
big shot confrontation
If it were the Temple of the Old Heavenly King
The legend tells all about the day before
Things related to the nation
What the king said
Do you charge me this share fee?
Jianghu Suidao
Since you don’t have that expense
We are in charge of our mission, officials
Yuejiao and Bujialei's request
Requesting us to participate in Lei’s Huayou Sports
And they want to change one
I clicked it on the first day
The last point is a clan member who is all Taotian
for me at the same time
The adults who came out
That's all too much belly
This little fart
Shit is also with her mother
He wants this adult
But now I have to give it to you